.\" Copyright (c) Members of the EGEE Collaboration. 2008. 
.\" See http://www.eu-egee.org/partners/ for details on the copyright
.\" holders.  
.\" 
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); 
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. 
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at 
.\" 
.\"     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 
.\" 
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, 
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. 
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and 
.\" limitations under the License.

.TH ipv6_care 8 "December 10, 2009" "GNU/Linux"

.\" disable hyphenation
.ad l

.SH NAME
ipv6_care \- IPv6 compliance toolbox
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ipv6_care
check [-v] <program_command_line>		# -> check mode
.br
.B ipv6_care
sh[ell] [-v]						# -> shell
.br
.B ipv6_care
binary lookup <path_to_binary>		# -> self-diagnosis

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B IPv6 CARE 
(\fBIPv6 C\fRompliance \fBA\fRutomatic \fBR\fRuntime \fBE\fRxperiment) is a toolbox easing IPv6 compliance diagnosis and migration of applications.
.PP
The tool is able to monitor a process and detect the function calls related to IPv4 and IPv6 sockets. By analysing this calls the tool generates a detailed diagnosis about IPv6 compliance of this application. 
.PP
.B IPv6 CARE
is using an \fBLD_PRELOAD\fR-based mechanism (see \fBld.so\fR(8)) in order to trap these function calls.
.PP
One of the following commands must be specified as a first parameter of the \fBipv6_care\fR tool:
.PP
- \fBcheck\fR:
Run the specified program and diagnose its IPv6 compliance. 
.PP
- \fBshell\fR:
Enter a bash shell where all processes started will be checked.
.PP
- \fBbinary lookup\fR:
Check if the tool will work with the specified binary, and, if not, describe why. This is useful if IPv6 CARE seems not to work with a given program.


.SH OPTIONS
.B
.IP -v
This option will cause
.B IPv6 CARE
to display the function calls detected on standard output.

.SH EXAMPLES
.B ipv6_care check -v 
telnet www.google.fr 80
.br
This will start the specified command '\fBtelnet www.google.fr 80\fR', report the detected function calls, and generate a diagnosis in a subdirectory of /tmp/ipv6_diagnosis, as specified at the end of the tool's output.

.PP
.B ipv6_care shell
.br
This will start a bash session where IPv6 compliance of all started processes will be analysed.

.PP
.B ipv6_care binary lookup 
/usr/bin/telnet
.br
This will tell you if the \fBLD_PRELOAD\fR-based mechanism which 
.B IPv6 CARE
uses is expected to work with the binary '\fB/usr/bin/telnet\fR'.


.SH NOTES
For more information please consult http://sourceforge.net/projects/ipv6-care or email to ipv6-care-support@urec.cnrs.fr.

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to ipv6-care-support@urec.cnrs.fr.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBipv6\fR(7), \fBld.so\fR(8)

